h1. Linccer API for Java

h2. Description  

The Java Linccer binding provides a non threaded API to communicate with
the RESTful Linccer Services:

bc.. 
Linccer linccer = new Linccer(new ClientDescription("Demo App"));

// publish a gps position (lat, long, accuracy)
linccer.onGpsMeasurement(23.44, 102.13, 100);

// safely pass data to an other client here and now
linccer.share("one-to-one", new JSONObject("{ ... }"));

// safely receive passed data from an other client here and now
JSONObject payload = linccer.receive("one-to-one");

p. More examples can soon be found in the samples folder.

h2. Install and try out

* download our "prebuild JAR":https://github.com/downloads/hoccer/java-api/java-linccer-client-v0.2.1.jar and "dependency zip":https://github.com/downloads/hoccer/java-api/java-flavored-api-dependencies.zip containing JAR files for Apache HttpClient and JSON
* write some java code using the Linccer
* compile and run with JAR's in classpath

h2. Deployment

* obtain and use an dedicated API Key from http://developer.hoccer.com
* ... nothing more right now

h2. Remarks

The environment updates (gps, network, bssid's,...) must be updated regular (at least every two minutes).

h2. Additional Features

h3. Environment Updates

Make sure the Linccer has as much environment data of the client as possible. Use all available sensors. If you implement for a stationary devices, you could read gps, wifi bssids and the like from a config file.

bc.. 
// publish gps position (lat, long, accuracy)
linccer.onGpsMeasurement(23.44, 102.13, 100);

// publish cell-tower/wifi obtained position (lat, long, accuracy)
linccer.onNetworkMeasurement(23.44, 102.13, 100);

// publish wifi networks in range (bssids)
linccer.onWifiMeasurement(new String[] { "00:22:3F:11:5A:2E", "4C:12:3F:11:5A:2C" });

h3. Wait for data

The default behavior of Linccer makes sure you get a "no content" message for "lonely receives".
When receiving in 'one-to-many' mode, it's possible to add the option "waiting=true" to hold the connection until content is available. This is useful for devices which automaticly want to receive all distributed data (eg. photowall, party-music-player, geo chat, ...).

h2. Further Reading

Please visit the general Linccer documentation at http://developer.hoccer.com/about_api.html